#labels aegis_shield,use_cases
*Aegis Shield Use Cases*

= Introduction =
This page contains the use cases for the application. The database tables will have a technical id.

= Use Cases =
===1. Add a new user account.===
The user can add a new account and password to the database. Required information is:
  * account user name
  * account password
  * account description
  * account name

===2. Edit user account information.===
The user can edit information about an account. The editable information is:
  * account name
  * account description
  * account password

===3. Delete user account information.===
The user can delete any account.

===4. View account information.===
User can see the list of all accounts and then can see the details for each account. On the details screen, a reveal password button should appear which when it is clicked, it will reveal the clear password of the respective account.

===5. Add a new repeating scheduler.===
The user can add a reminder scheduler for any account to remind him about changing his password for that account. This can be accessed from the account information view screen.
Scheduler information:
  * short description
  * date created
  * recurrence period (should be able to choose among several standard frequencies)

===6. Edit scheduler information.===
The user should be able to edit a scheduler's information by pressing a button in the account details view screen.

===7. Delete an account scheduler.===
The user can delete the scheduler for an account, by pressing a button in the account details view screen.

===8. Generate a random password.===
The user can generate a random password for an account when creating or editing an account or when a scheduler is triggered.

===9. Verify password strength.===
The user can verify the strength of a password when creating or editing an account.

===10. Enter master password.===
The user can enter the application master password the first time the Aegis Shield application runs.

===11. Change master password.===
Can be done at any moment from the application menu.

